Ancestor Training of the Sword Emperor
Whether the person in Jianzong is a foreign surname or not
The three parts of this sword are not called this
He is the new sect master of Shushan Sword Sect
This sword was pushed by me and has been activated
Who will challenge me?
Swordsman Tang Yunshan challenges Shushan Sword
Master Jianzong Tang Yunshan is out
Who's next? I got it
Jianzong No. 2 challenges Shushan Sword
Hahahaha
It's time to take three steps to North Island
The princess is mine
Ah, this is Excalibur
This is Excalibur
Fairy, I don't want it anymore
Let go of me, I don't want it anymore
Miss, why don't we forget it?
Shushan sword is too bloody
You rely on a beggar who picked it up
It is impossible to pull out the Shushan sword